hey there in this video what I'm gonna
do so just demonstrate how to tie a
Waggoner's hitch or a trucker's hitch
hitch other truckers not as a few
different names than really well it is
it's not in a rope that you used it's
tightened down to secure on to loads of
lorries and pickups or whatever I've
been tying this knot now for many many
years I was a delivery driver for the
builders merchants and until my employer
eventually invested in the straps you
know the ratchet straps this is the knot
that I was using I've seen a few videos
on YouTube and at the end of the day you
know they have tied the wagon as hitch
but the way they they've done it is very
slow and it's a bit fiddly my way is
very quick and very easy and I suppose
at the end of the day there's no right
and wrong way to tie one it's just what
you get used to doing you know entertain
it yourself anyway I'll just show you
the way that I tie a wagon this hitch
I'll do it slowly first and then I'll
show you in normal speed what you need
to do is make a bite or a loop in the
rope and reach up further up the rope
and place the Bight top of the rope wrap
the rope around the bite to form a loop
make one twist in the loop pull the rope
through and that's it just made or
wiping this hitch just go through it
again try and get in frame this time so
you can see exactly what's going on
right make a loop up the rope place the
loop top of the rope wrap the rope
around the loop till you make another
loop make one twist
and then pull the rope through you can
see that they're just bit here you feed
through and you put onto your Hawk of
your trailer or you pick up or whatever
and this bottom bit here is what you
pull to tighten the rope onto you load
just show you that again
get more than not in the frame you make
make a loop reach up to the rope place
the loop on top of the rope wrap the
rope over around the loop deform another
loop one twist
pull the rope through and that's it show
you again in normal speed take your loop
wrap it around the loop pull through
that's it this way I tie a Wagoner's
hitch